Communities call 6 February 2020 (#37)
publiccodenet/blog: _posts/2020-02-10-notes-communities-call-6-february-2020.md

---
title: "Notes from community call - 6 February 2020"
date: 2020-02-10
author: Jan Ainali
type: blogpost
excerpt: Recent news roundup from the Foundation for Public Code.
categories:
  - Community call
---

# Notes from community call - 6 February 2020

Unfortunatelly no one showed up in the call, however we'd like to share some news about us.

## Update from the Foundation

> * We have two new colleagues at the Foundation, Deborah Meibergen who joins us as a Coordinator for Operations and Alba Roza who is our second Codebase Steward for Community. Read more on our [team presentation](https://publiccode.net/team/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We have two new colleagues at the Foundation: Deborah Meibergen who joins us as a Coordinator for Operations and Alba Roza who is our second Codebase Steward for Community. Read more about them on our [team page](https://publiccode.net/team/).
```
